c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\UI.exe.config
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\UI.pdb
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\Core.dll
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\DependencyResolver.dll
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\Data.dll
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\Core.pdb
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\obj\Debug\UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\obj\Debug\UI.exe
c:\users\nathana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ninject\TopLayer\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
C:\Users\nathana\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bookie-DI\TopLayer\bin\Debug\UI.exe.config
C:\Users\nathana\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bookie-DI\TopLayer\obj\Debug\UI.exe
C:\Users\nathana\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bookie-DI\TopLayer\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
C:\Users\nathana\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bookie-DI\Bookie\bin\Debug\UI.exe.config
C:\Users\nathana\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bookie-DI\Bookie\obj\Debug\UI.exe
C:\Users\nathana\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bookie-DI\Bookie\obj\Debug\UI.pdb
